docs: update minutes of first three weeks of coding period. (#156)
fossology/gsoc: docs/2023/laas/updates/2023-06-16.md

<
---
title: Coding Period 
author: Kavya Shukla
author_url: https://github.com/k-avy
tags: [license as a service, open source licensing]
---

<!--
SPDX-License-Identifier: CC-BY-SA-4.0

SPDX-FileCopyrightText: 2023 Kavya Shukla <kavyuushukla59@gmail.com>
-->

# Week 3

*(June, 16, 2023)*

## Attendees

* [Avinal](https://github.com/avinal)
* [Anupam](https://github.com/ag4ums)
* [Kavya](https://github.com/k-avy)
  
## Discussions

* For update & create shortanme should not be their in parameter of URL.
* Add error for invalid URL.

> * SPDX id will aso be a required feild in create.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* SPDX id will also be a required field in create.
```

* update will be done using query parameter.
  
## Update

Created two basic end points and different struct for error to create structured
  error message.

* Get all licenses:
  
        to get all the details of the licenses present in the database.
        gets the data of all the data components present in the database.
* Get licenses by shortname:
  
        to get the data of the license with the shortname passed as a parameter.
        error when no such license found.

> ## COnclusion and future plan

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Conclusion and future plan
```
